and take up two screws
okay now that our mortars out lose their
here that they got this gear and it
comes off you can't really see it but
it's a little set screw there so we're
going to do is take a little Ellen take
in there tomorrow ok now we round put
its new more guides bought off ebay so
traxxas twin turn to put it back on here
sexo just slip it on you don't watch it
though because was a little flat part in
the shaft we have to put your own a set
screw so don't you line them up
go ahead and tighten up the screw okay
okay and there's our first one so now
let's put it in you want to make sure
that you line up your whole back and
once you do that I pretty much set
God take a second why not but what you
do
see I can't get mortar back out and I
gotta find it right anyway see I have
low lighting in this house I can't
really see too well I think I have
yep I just nothing more
has Tecna be screws back up
ok
okay now with the gear right here you
see how it's slow slipping right there
just a little bit when you move your car
I think are they able to go you want it
tight enough to where it can spin we're
not too tight
there you go tighten up your bottom
screw okay never bottom screw make sure
you all right okay